Welcome to I hope this helps. We have an
exciting guest, Don Somerville from
Different Elite Sports Academy.
Correct.
Don, thanks for coming. Please tell us a
little bit about yourself.
Um, I'm a, you know, young entrepreneur,
family man, uh, born in New York, raised
in Hackasack, New Jersey. um formerly in
the corporate world and uh had the
pleasure of going back and uh serving
the community that I had the privilege
of coming up in and and and learning my
way and self and it was all through
boxing and I took over this um PAL,
Police Athletic League boxing program
and it took off and in that journey I
wound up meeting a lot of people that
became clients that became like family
became friends and um just started to
create meaningful change in the
community and within others and that led
to what is now a successful business
different breed elite fitness and sports
where I'm continuing that service to
others and um now I'm just on that
journey man having fun having a blast
okay that's awesome love giving back and
you said it all became started with
boxing correct
yes
so how did you get into boxing you know
do me a favor gloat a little bit
yeah no so when I was younger when I was
younger.
All right.
I grew up I used to wear my brother's
clothes. He had flashy clothes and I
would take some of his outfits and wear
it to school. He'd catch me and proceed
to give me the beatdown. So
So you had to learn how to fight.
Yeah. Yeah. So those beatd downs led to,
you know, self-discipline and it was all
out of love and he was teaching me how
to, you know, fend for myself and so
forth. and um he just uh you know he
because of him he got me started and uh
he signed me up for a New York Golden
Gloves tournament without telling me and
I won that first fight and never looked
back and it was just it was just it was
that commitment to excellence that that
you know mono mono there's no team
there's nobody else you're accountable
for you and that changed me completely
uh so I started boxing uh was fortunate
uh had a great work ethic uh started in
um you know I used to train in time
square in New York and um Michael's
father had a gym at the time but um my
ground was uh Lenny Shaw's boxing gym in
Toto in Patterson in Patterson or to a
um just met some great people Ace Marada
Lou Duva um Paul Cavalier and others
along the way and I I became good you
know and didn't know how good I was
selftaught a lot of the way. Um, had the
privilege of training with Buddy McGurt
and some others and I won a Golden
Gloves title, won a Diamond Gloves
title, had the privilege of going to the
96 Nationals. Uh, same team as Floyd
Mayweather and Nate Jones and those
guys.
Um, had some success there. And then,
um, the change was, uh, the great Bob
Foster wanted me to move to Cleveland.
U, but I had a daughter at the time and
she was failing preschool. So, I was
like, I can't can't move to Cleveland.
and I decided to stay in Jersey and um
didn't lose my love for the game but
started working and then slowly just you
know got out of boxing into corporate
America and into the family life but
never left boxing. Um and then the call
came for me to come back and run this
program and that changed everything. So
I left corporate
making a lot of money to almost making
nothing but
you know lo and behold what I have now.
Okay. So that's a lot of great nuggets
there. Um, unbelievable accomplishments,
right? Diamond in gold gloves in New
Jersey, right? Nationals, Floyd Weather,
like that's incredible.
Now, obviously, you're a family man, so
you did what's right for your daughter
and everything like that, and went to
corporate world to, you know, um,
to provide, right? Now, what did boxing
and that drive teach you and make you,
you know, succeed in the corporate
world?
The three Ds, real simple. Dedication,
desire, and discipline, period. And I've
always had this um ability to be the
best at whatever I do. When I was in
corporate, couldn't outwork me. He
weren't going to outsell me. I was
always in a leadership position. You
know, attitude determines your success.
One of my key key fundamentals. So my
attitude was always be better than the
next person. And it wasn't uh easy for
me because if I worked for you for a
month, I was ready to advance. So I
found myself always making a shift until
someone saw the talent and appreciated
it. I just knew my worth period. And
that drive, that discipline that I got
from boxing, that desire to be great,
you understand what I mean? I knew I
prepared. So, proper preparation
prevents poor performance. Always one of
my key um things. And I just knew I was
better than the next person because I
prepared. If I was in sales, I knew what
I was selling and I studied what I had
to sell. In leadership, I was a people's
person. So, I had the ability to
motivate others and that's that's what
it's all about. Can you in order to
lead, you have to be able to follow and
I was able to do that.
Okay. So, now then you go back into you
said giving back to the community. What
did you go do there? So the police
athletic league um the program took off.
Uh people heard that I was there and
knew of my past. They brought their kids
to people come to box. They want their
kids to get self-discipline, you know,
confidence and and that's what it's all
about. So with that, I would find kids
that were in a suspension program that
would come to my boxing program and I'd
get to know the parent and our teachers
and the program just started to get out
there. And um so you take a kid that's
fighting every week and get it suspended
and he starts boxing and you teach him
that it it's a privilege to do this and
it's a reward for it. Stay out of
trouble, you know, don't give your
mother problems. You come in here and
you work. Then you let him do community
hours in the gym and it just it just it
just, you know, what's the word? It just
rolled. It became something huge because
everybody was talking about it. And so
to give back, you take a kid, a single
parent, which you get a lot of that in
boxing
that can't afford the program, you
sponsor the kid and give the kid out
community hours or whatever. Um, you
become a role model for that kid. And
then I started to get friends that were
accomplished entrepreneurs, whether you
were a plumber, you were a teacher, a
police officer, talk to this young man
because you can't put all your eggs in
one basket. Boxing's not it. That was
always what I would tell somebody. Now,
it can become it,
but don't count on it being that. And
because of that, um, I've had the
privilege to train, you know, national
champions, uh, Golden Glove champions.
Um, few of the young men that I had the
privilege of coaching. A couple of them
now work with me. One is a fire, two are
firemen, one is one of my business
partners. So, the relationships that I
that I developed from that, from giving
back, um, irreplaceable, wouldn't
wouldn't wouldn't change anything.
Okay. And what was the time frame when
you went left corporate world?
Corporate I would say 2011
is when I left corporate.
Okay. And then you went to the
went into the police athletic league
started. And it was like seven kids
there when I took it over.
And when I transitioned and opened my
own business over 195.
And when did you open your new uh your
business?
2019.
Okay. And what gave you the desire to go
into entrepreneurship? So um the program
was growing beyond uh the capability of
where I was at and uh I just like I said
I met some very influential people and
um what I come to find out wealthy
people businessmen and they were just
like yo you're different you know hence
the name different breedly fitness you
have this ability to motivate people and
inspire people for greatness and you
should open your own you know why be
handcuffed and I was like well resources
at the time and I you know I never
thought about it I comfortable and
content breeds failure and I'm not a
content person but I was comfortable. I
was like hey I don't you know it's it's
county owned. I just run it but I do
what I want to do. But then when I
started to look beyond the wall so to
speak hey if I can have people this age
if I can have adults in the program if I
can do this. So um one of my members and
my wife uh upon happen stance saw this
available spot told me about it. I went
to look at it and then the vision just
happened and and then the thought came
you know at that time this is um precoid
so you have big box here you got 24-hour
fitness you got lifetime planet fitness
retro you know how do you go open a
facility and and become known and
survive and I said well you got to be
different you got to be service it's got
to be unique every time a client walks
through the door they have to be better
than they were the previous time you go
into a gym they're basic you walk in you
scanning and you go do your own thing.
Everybody's got on headphones. There's
no community. So, I wanted to develop a
community. I wanted to make sure that
when you left, it resonated with you.
That your experience was different. That
you bragged about us to the point where
if I didn't see you for two or three
months, we call you. We terminate your
membership. People I got challenged on
that. Like, why would you? It's it's
free money. No, it's not free money.
It's a waste of money because that
person is now out at a family function
or event and they don't look the part.
And somebody, oh, you work out? Yeah, I
go to this gym. It's basic. But somebody
that's a loyal member, they're
consistent. They look forever young. I
like to say they look different. But
man, what happened to you? A young lady,
what happened to you? Oh, I work out at
sun and such. And there's the there's
the marketing. You can't pay for the
actual experience, the result. So, the
whole idea was to be different. Hence
the name different breed sports academy
or should I say now different breed
elite fitness and sports.
Okay. So, it's not just boxing, it's
definitely training and you got success
stories and you have word of mouth.
We've got entrepreneurs from pro
proathletes to people in the music
industry
um to actors,
business people, entrepreneurs like
yourself and I uh that come there, but
we change lives literally. And I tell
people when they sign up, if you're
looking for a gym just to go lift
weights, this might not be for you. and
I get a what are you talking about, man?
I live across the street. I just want to
lift weights. It's different here,
though. We're going to challenge you.
We're going to push you a little bit.
Somebody's going to come up to you.
We're going to engage with you. We're
going to give you a space, but you're
going to know we're here. We're going to
know your name. Like that old TV show,
Cheers. We're going to know you, what it
is you do, what you want to aspire to
be, and we're going to help you get
there. And then you may get some
resistance at first because people
aren't used to it. Like, if you used to
go to the Home Depot, and I had the
privilege of working there when they
first opened, you couldn't walk in the
aisle without five people greeting you.
Mhm.
You go there now, it's like, you know,
it's echoes.
My place, my business, my experience is
different. It's a lifestyle change.
That's what it's all about.
Okay. So, um, for the people that
haven't been to your gym, is it
basically just like your um, 24-hour
fitness?
Nothing. Nothing about is basic.
Nothing about it is basic. So, you got
group training, I'm guessing, you have
one-on-one training. group training,
personal training, fitness classes, um
elite equipment that you won't see in
normal um training facilities, um yoga,
plyometrics, calisthenics, TRX classes,
assault bike classes, um rebound
trampoline classes, um the boxing, which
is top tier, is different than anything
around us because
we also, by the way, are a sanctioned
boxing gym. So, let me add that. So,
young men that compete in national
tournaments, golden gloves. We have a
young man right now that's on team USA,
Malachi Georgees. He's ranked number one
in the nation in his weight class.
Train in our facility. We've been
blessed. Javvante Tank Davis has been to
our facility. Uh young man, he's a WBA
champ by the name of Richard Hitchens
Africa. Trains in our facility daily.
So, we're that one-stop shop for
fitness, which is which is what I want
to be. So, only thing we don't have is a
swimming pool. If you're looking to swim
and play basketball, you got to go to a
big box. However, if you're looking for
a lifestyle change, you're looking to
come in with your family, I can bring my
wife, I can bring my young child because
we have our youth. So, let me go back
that youth uh program that I was a part
of in the beginning at the PAL. I
brought that with me. So, we have a
class Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday for
kids ages 5 to 10. Uh great instructor
by a young young lady by the name of
Glenda. And then um Monday through
Friday we have our advanced youth boxing
kids ages 10 and up and a young man Adam
Ali who is a 2017 USA Golden Glove
National Champ. He's in the New Jersey
boxing hall of fame. I met him when he's
13. He now works with me and that's what
I'm talking about that effect that
relationship. It's about building and
networking. Um he runs an outstanding
program. Um, so we're, you know, looking
to take over the fitness industry in a
way that's, hey, do your thing. And when
people come in and they go, I I go to
25, what 24-hour fitness does is great.
What Retro does is great. What they do
at Rumble Boxing is great. It's just not
different. And that's that's the
question right there. Do you want to be
different? You want to be basic?
I like that. I like that. You gave me a
lot of good nuggets and made me think of
a lot of good questions. Oh, yeah. All
right. So, um,
give me an example. Let's go back to
prior or even now cuz I know you give
back to the community.
Give me one case that you know you
helped someone so much or you saw
someone develop into such a great young
man besides the one that just works for
you right now.
Okay.
Something that like holds deep in your
heart and that like every time it thinks
to it puts you into like such an
emotional state that like wow
that I did that or we did that. Should I
say the team? We no I
of course
uh there's so many. Um
it's hard to pick one. So I'll pick this
and it's something we just just started
doing recently. Um we work with uh a
program called RISE and they work out of
Hackinack High School in Bergen County.
And they have young kids, young men and
women that are getting ready for
adulthood. And they're on the spectrum
slightly. So they're learning how to do
things on their own. They're learning
about life and business. Um, so they
needed a place to do some recreation. I
said, "No, bring them here. Forget just
recreation. We're gonna give them a
class." And interacting with these young
men and women is nothing like it. Cuz
you take a young man, woman that didn't
know they can do something and you show
them they can. You watch them light up.
And to have the parents come to the
facility later to sign their kids up
like my son never wants to really do
anything or didn't believe he could. He
wants to be a member of your facility.
Yeah. Come on in. Um, so that that's one
example, working with those kids as a
whole and they're on the spectrum. So
that's that's teaching somebody, helping
somebody believe they can and showing
them you can do something that anybody
else does. That's one scenario. Um, a
young man and this is uh he's from the
original days. His name is Jir Cop. He's
a fireman
in Tene, New Jersey. Uh, he trained with
me, met him the same time I met Adam
Ali. Uh he was didn't have a learning
disability. I think ADHD like he was
just all over the place but got him f
boxing got him focused and he turned
pro. He's a pro athlete for a little
while then be became a fireman. One of
my business partners Joe Bafuko a
fireman. So these are stories that you
know I met these young men when they
were 14 15 years old. They were trying
to find themselves and now they're
successful
businessmen family men you can't replace
that.
That is amazing. That's definitely
amazing. Especially, you know, the the
people that you're helping out with that
basically on the spectrum. Their smiles
I could only imagine.
Oh, you have no idea. And they walk in
every day and we put on Maroon 5 and
they dance for five minutes and it's
just it's just But that you have to
understand when a parent comes in and
says, "My son or daughter wants to join
this gym." And they're just like, "What
do you do?" Like cuz he they've never
wanted to do anything like this and he
wants to all he talks about is this and
that's the change. That's meaningful
change. You know, you can change a lock
on a door. If the lock is loose and
still doesn't work, what was the point
of changing it?
It's got to be meaningful.
Of course. That's amazing. Now, how
about a success story of someone that
came into your gym that was out of shape
or you helped them, I'm sure, maybe even
get off of di, you know, diabetes
medicine or anything like that. Story
like that?
We've had uh numerous uh there's a
gentleman I call the Lion King. He went
to the doctor. Uh he high blood
pressure, his numbers were through the
roof. He went to the doctor not too long
ago. Doctor, what are you doing?
Whatever it is, keep doing it. Numbers
are down. Blood pressure is down. Um
that that several stories like that. Um
but where I take pride is we have a
young man that came into the gym. He was
probably I would say 210 pounds. He's
now down to 140 145. training, getting
ready to have his first fight as an
amateur boxer. Uh that goes a long way
because whatever the result of that
match is, he came in
12 pounds heavier that he is now and
he's about to compete. The preparation,
the dedication it takes for that, his
kids going to remember that for his
lifetime. And then the families, man, we
have and like I said, it's hard to pick
one because, you know, six years in the
in the business now, survived co so many
families and um people that we've
affected as a team. It's hard to pick
one. Um but I it's always the ones that
you know there's a young lady named Zoe
where she came in head down, wouldn't
look at you. Now all she wants to do is
tell her dad and mom don't want to miss
a class. and she doesn't miss the class.
So, those are the stories that go a long
way because you know you've helped
change somebody for the for the good.
And then we have unlike any other
facility, I think we have a lot of
families in our facility, mothers, sons,
daughters, fathers. That's the great
point. But I would say the biggest
impact, man, is watching a kid that's 10
to 13 years old that came in, you know,
low self-esteem, overweight, and now his
chest is out. He's talking about the
girls at school, you know, because
that's going to carry him outside the
gym. Forget the gym. What What's he
going to be like four and five years
from now? What's he going to take when
he goes to college? What have you, he's
going to remember this. He's going to
remember the time now that helped him
change. I mean, it seems like you're
putting down a foundation of work ethic
and all that stuff for people that
they're going to use not only now, but
as they get older.
Yeah. And and that's again, hate to keep
going back to different, but that's what
separates us from any big box facility
because again, you're there, it's
business. You come in, it's automatic
pay. They get paid and have a nice day.
Good to see you. But do they know what
you're going through? Do they know
what's what's going on at home? How can
we help you? You know, I've had here's a
good story. Thinking of one now. I had a
young lady that was going through
something at home and and lost her job,
but the gym was her her uh her release
her place. We've had a couple of these,
you know, relationship issues. Don't
worry about your fee for the next two or
three months. Get yourself together, you
know, especially when CO hit, you got
laid off or don't worry about the money.
Um, keep coming. young man named Elijah.
Perfect example. Parents were going
through things. Mom calls said, "Hey, if
Elijah comes, can you please uh send him
home?" I told him, "Right now, we can't
afford it." No. How about this? He keeps
coming. You worry about it. When you can
afford it, you send it. And you get that
letter and that email of tears on the
paper like, "Oh my god." Like, "Thank
you." That's what it's all about. I have
a young a young man, a member of my
facility. His name is Lamont. you know,
he gave us maybe I'm gonna say 15 pair
of brand new Jordans that like he
purchased and if he got he had and you
know, I give them out I give them to
kids that I know can use them. And it's
looking again beyond the individual, but
you're looking at what they're going
through and how your facility is
changing their life. And that's what's
not happening any place else. That's why
we're successful period in the story.
That's awesome. The the sense of
community, the sense of pride I hear
from you. That's what it is.
That's amazing.
It's It's Yeah. And we do it better than
anybody. That's the cockiness. That's
that ego. But I don't care. I used to
tell my partner, I don't care if they
open a call it extreme fitness across
the street. They don't do it the way we
do it. And that's one of the challenges
I have with one of my um you know team
members. He's like they did it like this
someplace else and they do this. I can
care less what they did. Could care
less. You have to be willing to
challenge the process. You have to be
willing to roll the dice and bet on
yourself. And I'm always gonna win.
Period. So, and I know that because of
the, you know, the work I'm going to put
in. And then again,
I'm going to change that person that
walks through the door. They're going to
leave out of here bragging about us. And
here's one. We have a family. They're
from Canada. Um, Ashley and Chris and
their little son, Zurich. And they just
gave us a review that was to me, I loved
it. But they stayed an extra two months
because of the gym,
right? They came, they came to spend
time with family. there was a little
family concerned that had to come up and
be a part of and she said we were just
looking for a facility and she went on
Instagram she said I got a feeling this
is it and now she's like yeah I never
ever asked my husband can we stay longer
because of a gym she goes but we're now
going to plan our vacations and time
away for this because it's life changing
I challenge anybody go to different
breed of lintist go to our different
breed of leaf fitness go to go to go to
go to go to go to go to go to go to go
to our Instagram look our reviews proof
is in pudding.
That is amazing.
Different experience.
That definitely is. The sense of
community, the sense of giving back, the
sense of helping people.
That's what it's all about.
All right. So, let's say somebody's not
capable of going to the gym. This is
going to be a two-part question. Okay.
What advice would you give to a parent
that is having struggles with their kids
that need a little more confidence?
Right? That's number one. And the second
part is what about adults that let
themselves go because they're so busy
with their you know their work life that
they forgot about their health you know
what advice would you give them?
So for the the parent with the young kid
or well the answers to both the answer
is the same for both to an extent. First
just walk through the door. Just do
that. Let us do the rest. It's like if
you're having chest pains you can't
figure it out. Go to the doctor.
You understand what I'm saying? Walk
through the door. Stop trying to figure
out yourself. That's the other thing.
Don't worry about your kid. Bring them
here and let us do what we do. Um, for
that adult, hey, if you're a young
parent, you want to see your grandkids,
you want to be able to run with your kid
in the park. You know, if you're a
parent, let's say you have a son that's
10 years old, when he's 15, you want to
be able to go play basketball with that
kid. You want to be able to have fun. I
have three granddaughters. I have a
10-year-old Genesis. I call her name's
Rehea. 5-year-old Cali and
three-year-old, uh, Casey. I do
everything with my grandb babies. I'm 55
and I have this forever young mentality.
I'll never let myself go because of
them. So I tell that that parent, hey
man, think about don't think about
yourself. Think about your child. How
are you going to be 10 years from now
for them? And if you have no kids,
what do you Yeah, you want to be that
that that 55 year old walking around
with a cane. You want to be that guy
that has that tube or that pouch on
their waist. No. So content breeds. Are
you going to settle? And I tell people
that that come in and tell me, you know
what? Oh, I you know, we saw this place
and want to stop him, but I have a
membership elsewhere. Great. What I
don't I never knock another facility or
um business. It's not the way I go about
it. They're successful for a reason.
They've been lasting for a reason. So,
they have some positive effect. What I
ask you though is do you want to be
basic or you want to be different? And
here's the two. You understand? One, you
go into a facility, you work out for an
hour, you work out for two or three
months, but you haven't hit your goals
or you haven't been pushed yet. You come
here, you're ready to go throw up. Come
go go go throw up. Come back inside.
That's being different. That's knowing
that you're getting the bang for your
buck. And I tell people all the time,
come for a week, don't pay anything.
Take a class, don't pay anything. Let
see what we're about. And you make a
decision after that.
That's amazing. Definitely amazing.
Talking about your family.
Yeah.
Married.
Yes.
How long? Uh well, she'll kill me if I
got been together for 30 plus years. Uh
married I believe we got married in
2003.
2003. So 20 22 years in.
Very nice. And uh
two daughters, Desiree 35, Dasia 29. Uh
Desiree works in Hackasack Medical
Center. Dia's a detective in Teneac, New
Jersey. So proud of both my my babies.
Big babies, but they're still my babies.
They'll always be. Um, and then the
grandbabies and if you have grand if you
don't have grandkids, you have them.
They're life-changing. Uh, it's nothing
like that. So, proud proud husband,
father, grandfather.
Definitely. I mean, I'm not a
grandfather yet, but the one thing I see
is basically they're the best. You spoil
them. You don't have to parent them and
you can't get in trouble in many ways.
You give them back. My job is to spoil
them. Right.
Yeah. But I have the privilege of
spoiling and parenting because my
daughter's one lives with me, one's
right there close by. And it's and like
it's nothing like, you know, correcting
any wrongs you made with your daughter
or son with your grandbaby,
of course.
And then like you said, you get to spoil
them. There is no there's no no. You
want ice cream at 11 o'clock at night
before bed? Yeah, sure. Go ahead.
That's amazing.
Absolutely. Where where do you see uh
you know
oh
in five years from now what are we doing
here?
Man I tell you my mind's racing because
I'm not satisfied. You know it's it's
it's easy to say well you made it
through co you're six years in now. You
know I hear that business um uh
terminology once you get to five years
you start to get into your own. Yeah.
Okay. However I see myself opening one
someplace else. Definitely. I don't want
to be a chain. Um because I don't want
to release I don't want to
give somebody else it it my weakness my
greatest strength is my weakness. Nobody
can do it the way I do it.
Okay?
So I'm not going to give you my name or
my business
uh plan format tell you to go go
duplicate it. You can't. I tell people
all the time they want to come in and
take pictures of my layout or whatever.
Sure do it. Feel free. People come in
sometime, they'll join the gym for three
months to see what it is that we do and
they go back to wherever they go and
they work and people say, you know, I
love that, but I'm paying monthto month.
I don't care because that that tells you
something. People want to come in, they
want to see what you're doing. They
heard about you.
You can come in and and you can
videotape the atmosphere, but you can't
duplicate it because you have to create
that culture. You have to have the
people to do it. So, I I see maybe two
or three different breed elite fitnesses
over the next three or four years. U
we're getting close to that now. Um
people are asking us, I get that all the
time, when are you going to open another
one? When are you going to open another
one? Well, I don't want to be a jack of
all trades. I want to be a master one.
So, once this location is I mean really
running smooth, then I'll plan out to go
and open another one someplace else.
Yeah. I mean, at the end of the day,
like I get your concept. No one can
deliver what you do, but you I'm sure
you have a good sense of character and
you know how to judge people and the
people around you or the you can't help
that and then you go oversee everything.
Is that is that where you're thinking
it's going or what?
Yeah, I I can see myself like you said
finding I'm a person that likes to do it
from within. So whoever I would never
ever go outside and bring somebody in to
to take a position from somebody that's
already with me. So, it's teaching that
person that's with me now, that's been
with me for five years, three years, two
years, and they see how I do it. They
see how picky unit I am to be that way.
And I tell these guys every day, chase
perfection. See what others don't see.
That's the secret. Do you see the dust
underneath the treadmill behind the
wheel that nobody else sees? And I'm
like, why are you wiping underneath the
treadmill? Cuz I don't want dust
bunnies. You take I take a blower on the
dust bunnies. I mean, perfection to that
to that point on the turf like picking
up little lint pieces because
if you're if you're that meticulous, my
key word, I tell my guys to clean up
everybody from the young men that and I
don't have a maintenance person, by the
way. People thought for the longest time
that I was the janitor. I don't say I'm
the boss. I don't believe in saying I'm
a boss. You never hear me say I'm the
owner. It's no need. I'm part of a team
that's successful. We're all winners.
We're all bosses.
And that ideology is going to create the
next me. Then that person is going to go
put the keys in the door to a facility
and understand I've done it for five or
six years with him. I know what the
expectation is. But no way am I going to
go someplace to somebody I don't know
and have a dinner with and spend a
couple of weeks with and expect you to
do it the way I do it. I don't think
that can happen.
I feel better the other way.
I agree thousand%. Um All right. Now I
got a sense of community. I can see the
sense of what you give back and how you
help people. Right.
Mhm.
Now, let's talk about something
different. You said in 2019 you opened
up your facility.
Yes.
Then 2020 hits, you know, you got co
this is most entrepreneurships wouldn't
know what to do.
Right.
Right. I'm guessing boxing gave you a
foundation now work everybody and
everything like that. What lessons did
you learn at those times as you know
that really and you said to yourself,
"Wow, now I really am a true
entrepreneurship."
Simply don't stop.
Bottom line, don't know what I don't
know what the fold is. I don't fold
chairs, man. So, it it didn't affect me.
I'm being honest with you. I understood
what was going on. But to me, it was
like, "Okay, the world doesn't stop."
And I use this uh termin I think. God
forbid was something was to happen to
one of my kids. Today is Thursday,
tomorrow's Friday regardless. And then
Saturday and Sunday, me boohooing,
sitting in the dark room crying tears
out, isn't going to change that. The
sun's going to rise and set every day.
So when co hit, the world's not coming
to an end. We just have to adjust. We've
got to adapt. A lot of people did Zoom.
I'm a, you know, we're sociable people.
So with me, it was, you know, going out
to the park, finding that person on the
track, running. This is literally, hey,
I own a facility over the way. This is
what we do.
Blah blah blah blah blah pad work. Hey,
you can make an appointment. We do one
person an hour. So, you're in the
facility by yourself. You don't mind? We
do two. So, I never stopped. Never
stopped. It It meant nothing to me to be
honest. I never sat there and wondered.
Am I And I mean this honestly never
thought, am I going to make it? Wasn't
even a question. Not even a question.
I love it.
No, not you. just couldn't that's that's
not my character. So couldn't even
imagine thinking they're not going to be
successful with me. It was even better.
It was like okay I get to get outside
and go get people. Everybody doesn't
have Instagram. Everybody doesn't have
Facebook. Everybody's not on the
website. So now I'm seeing you face to
face. And something I do and I'll never
stop doing it to this day and I'm going
to keep doing it till whenever till my
clock stops. I go out and try to hand
out 30 brochures a day. Handto hand,
shake your hand, tell you to come, have
you, hey, if you're into fitness and
well, health and wellness, visit this
facility right here. You know, we're
different. And that that creates a
conversation and it works tremendously.
And then people see you out there face
to face handing out brochures. And it's
not like I didn't just open. Been doing
this for six years, but I'm still out
here because I want you to know we
exist. And I want to shake your hand.
And when you come into the facility,
you'll see we are what we say we are.
That is awesome.
Yeah.
I tell people all the time like don't
forget the little things. Yeah.
You know, do the foundation. You do that
in in my business, right? Mortgages. If
you put aside an hour or two or three
just to do your
hunting or whatever, you know what I
mean? Your um your farming and
everything like that, those people are
successful.
Yeah.
Absolutely. Because you're doing your,
you know, your money-making moves and
everything like that. So, that's
unbelievable.
That's it. Is there any thing that I
didn't touch that uh or any advice for
anybody out there that you'd like to
give?
Hey, one of my biggest quotes, stay
dedicated, you know, that's it. No
matter what obstacles you have, uh just
just be resilient. Be resilient. You
know, I I sort of limitless here. You
don't have limits. Don't don't set Don't
set barriers. Don't give yourself, you
know, uh barriers. Overcome any I and
like I said, my greatest strength is my
weakness. You can't tell me no. can't
tell me no. You can't tell me I can't do
it. Just doesn't exist. I don't I don't
know what that means. So, and that
that's again greatest greatest strength
is my weakness. It's hard to tell me to
do it another way because I'm successful
right now the way I've been doing it.
And until it doesn't work and then that
ever happens, we'll adjust. We'll adapt,
you know. So, that's it. Just push
forward, be resilient, have have that
mentality. You know, I I love the Steve
Jobs, you know, one of the greatest
stories. Look at this guy in a garage.
In a garage, you know, selling soda
cans, quit college, and when it became
who he was, got fired from the company
he started.
That is amazing.
You understand what I'm saying? Went
started Disney in another company, wind
up buying back the company he got fired
from. So, that that that right there in
itself, that's it, man. You know, keep
pushing. Keep pushing.
Don, thank you very much. Everything was
awesome. Um, I wish you nothing but
success. And um, to everyone else, I
hope this helped.
[Music]